Vietnam's new president To Lam has held talks with his Chinese counterpart during a visit to Beijing.\n Chinese state media said President Xi Jinping expressed his willingness to work with To Lam to continuously strengthen their respective socialist causes.\n The 2 countries have sought to deepen already close economic ties amid the global trade upheaval from President Trump's tariffs.\n Legislators in the northeastern U.S. state of Maine have passed a bill that could make it the first state to put a moratorium on new data centers linked to the massive expansion of artificial intelligence. \n The bill still needs approval from the governor. \n A BBC investigation in Britain has revealed a shadow industry of legal advisers charging thousands of dollars to help migrants pretend to be gay in order to claim asylum and stay in the country.\n International students and migrant workers whose visas are due to run out are being given fake cover stories for their asylum claims. \n Our Politics Investigation correspondent Billy Kenber reports. \n Advisers to asvlum seekers are extracting fees from international students and workers who want to stay in the country. \n One advisor told a BBC Undercover reporter his only hope was to claim asylum by pretending to be gay and sent him to an event for gay asylum seekers. \n The BBC filmed men there saying they weren't genuinely gay. The adviser denied all wrongdoing. \n The Home Office said anyone found trying to exploit the system will face the full force of the law. \n Kanye West has postponed a concert in the French city of Marseille, scheduled for June. \n It follows reports that the country's interior minister was seeking to block the performance because of the American rapper's historic anti-Semitic remarks. \n Last week, the Wireless Festival in the UK was cancelled after West,  known as Ye, was denied entry to Britain. \n West has apologized for his behavior, which he blamed on his bipolar disorder. And that's the latest world news from the BBC.